# April 14, 2023

## Logistics

12-1 PM EDT / 9-10AM PDT / 4-5PM GMT

## Agenda

* TPAC Planning (30 mins)

## Resources

* [Minutes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vKgY8k3tb6oxis5pcyj4WqGh140AXwTJNupw9dt8ol4/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Chair Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-CvscWBi9gU_xYfY2WyKot4N3VFzd13YRTX7VEVK3s0/edit?usp=sharing)

## Minutes

Steven: Welcome, it’s been a while. This week is focused on TPAC planning.  Who is interested in attending and what topics should we propose?  TPAC is a hybrid/f2f meeting, this year in Spain, about a week long. Sometimes breakout sessions are within specific groups but most span / are open to all CGs. 

Sv: last year, we discussed anon credentials, payments focused threats, authenticated devices, IP protection and how it impacts the web. Open the queue to discuss. Poll started on zoom for in person/hybrid.  Looks like ⅓ virtual ⅓ in person and ⅓ not attending.

SV: a few things I’ve heard so far is to talk through:
 IP protection again based on the updates to the explainer,
Device attestation, particularly as we expect updates/progress by TPAC

Nick Doty: Curious bout the state of the Private State Tokens work. Does it need a brainstorming session in TPAC? Should we plan for it?

SV: Interest in Chrome to ship it, available mid summer? A quick overview of the status of PST and feedback from other browser venders would help. Discussions in TPAC around this would help.

Eric: Discussed adopting PST in AFCG. Discussion the broader standardization effort across private tokens in TPAC would work. 

SV: Already called for adoption to AFCG. Discussion from Apple side on Private Access Tokens is also in interest of AFCG. I will reach out to them on this.

Sofia: We should have a presentation of the current state of PST and the standardization effort.

SV: I will draft possible agenda items based on the discussions. Are there any other projects that should be discussed? Asks attendees for inputs. 

Nick: Coordinating with private advertising work. AF comes a lot in private advertising. This is holding back private advertising. Referring to work in PATCG. 

Sv: might be good to reach out to PAT CG before TPAC and see if we should attend each other’s meetings to better connect.  Some themes that seem to come up: device attestation, tokens, mostly those two seem to be active. Should we call out geo-location as it’s own thing or part of attestation. 

Eric: We should discuss Trusted Execution Environments (TEE) at some point, lots of promising work, not sure if TPAC is too soon to discuss though.

SV: no one in the queue… see you in two weeks, we’ll have a presentation on device attestation!
