# October 13, 2023

## Logistics

12-1 PM EDT / 9-10AM PDT / 4-5PM GMT

## Agenda

* TPAC Overview/AFCG Next Steps (30 mins)

## Resources

* [Minutes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1be6lDJ0jN7-1whLV7gkqGaadMCi1zkHc_7t2eS9kROg/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Chair Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1L-CgF0S803w1cBtdJMr_3ke4x1Ns8TMCFkRVehl2rH4/edit?usp=sharing)

## Minutes

Steven: Short meeting today for TPAC recap and open discussion of next steps.  Calendar update: one meeting/month for next few. Use the slack for chat. 
Review TPAC sessions, action items. 

### IP Protection Efforts. Minutes from all in the meetings repo. 
Steven: masking 3d party trackers, not much detail on what’s a tracker. Heard that GeoIP is important, working on that through second proxy. Abuse-feedback mechanism for reporting to proxies. 

### Use Case Review
Steven: Discussion, general comfort level with use cases doc. 
Action to flag specific use cases affected by anti-fingerprinting work. Aim to finalize early next year. Are there particular solutions we should focus over the next year?
Brian: Seems there are two distinct categories of fraud: large-scale, small-scale. Suggest we focus on them distinctly. 
Steven: Thanks, also consider difference between aggregate and event-based. 
Ranjita: Fraud detection today relies heavily on IP, hear more about IP alternatives?
Steven: Good to keep looking at post-IP

### User/Privacy Considerations
Steven: Privacy principles document, also freedom and anti-consolidation. These principles are things to have in mind with proposals brought to AFCG. Even if users are in an unusual state, make sure they have freedom. 
Nick: I’m happy to work on rough text on user considerations around attestation, goes beyond privacy. 
Steven: Basic questions, and second level, deeper review once proposal is adopted by the CG
Brian: Does it make sense to flag use cases that may have issues with this sort of concern?
Steven: Use cases or capabilities section? 
Brian: Keep in mind that there are lots of people who don’t want to be recognized; as well as those using recognition to fight fraud

### Web Anti-Fingerprinting
Steven: talking about how they’re moving to less granular signals from web APIs. Looking at developer declarations about how they’re collecting, retaining data; linkage properties. Another consent header. 
Joseph: who’s sending the header?
Steven: IVT companies
Brian: I’m concerned about attestations like this, that the honest folks will use it honestly, and dishonest folks will misuse. History from privacy policy declarations.
Steven: Yes, they’re aware of that
Nick: I don’t think the proposal is like DNT or GPC, but resembles proposal from Mike, early. People who are using user-friendly techniques would be happy to declare those. Could be promising.

### IP AAF/IVT Solutions
Steven: Assuming a world where IPs are so variable as to be useless, what solutions do we need? TPAC conversation didn’t really get to solutions. Do folks have thoughts on how we focus discussion around those?
Vinod: Important to start thinking more about these, how do we take these solutions to industry? Challenge of first/third party restrictions. 

Steven: Upcoming work items for use cases, privacy considerations, IP solutions. Lots of focus has been on third-party IVT, are there first-party considerations that are important and different?
Anything else?

Brian: Given adoption of privacy sandbox, should we look at that and how it might be abused by fraud perpetrators? Not aware of other groups looking at that question. 
Steven: We could try to bring privacy sandbox folks here for overview. Many of the APIs are in PATCG. I’ll reach out. 

[adjourned] 
